Create ui-c8y-1020-14-3-alarms-no-longer-dissappear-when-severity-changes-via-smart-rules-graft.md (#2329)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-14-3-alarms-no-longer-dissappear-when-severity-changes-via-smart-rules-graft.md

---
date: ""

> title: Alarms remain visible when the severity changes via smart rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Alarms remain visible when the severity changes via a smart rule
```

> title: Alarms no longer dissappear when severity changes via smart rules [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6804)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Alarms remain visible when the severity changes via smart rules
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59695
version: 1020.14.3
---

> Alarms no longer dissappear when severity changes via smart rules [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6804)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In some cases, alarms disappeared from the UI when their severity was changed via a smart rule, even though the alarm was still active. This has been fixed so that alarms now remain properly visible in the UI when their severity changes via a smart rule. This ensures that users can always see all active alarms, regardless of any severity changes triggered by smart rules.
```

> Alarms no longer dissappear when severity changes via smart rules [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6804)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In some cases, alarms disappeared from the UI when their severity was changed via a smart rule. This has been fixed so that alarms now remain properly visible in the UI when their severity changes. This ensures that users can always see all active or cleared alarms, regardless of any alarm updates triggered by smart rules.
```

> In some cases, alarms disappeared from the UI when their severity was changed via a smart rule. This has been fixed so that alarms now remain properly visible in the UI when their severity changes. This ensures that users can always see all active or cleared alarms, regardless of any alarm updates triggered by smart rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, alarms were no longer displayed when their severity was changed via a smart rule. This has been fixed so that alarms now remain visible in the UI when their severity changes. This ensures that users can always see all active or cleared alarms, regardless of any alarm updates triggered by smart rules.
```
